1. What this app is

BARnode is an internal tool for a cocktail bar.
It runs as a web app optimized for mobile screens, not as a native app and not with Expo.

Multiple staff members can use it at the same time.
There is no authentication for now: everyone shares the same data.

The app must let us:

Manage the list of missing items (things we need to buy).

Manage the catalog of items (all drink products).

Import multiple items at once from a plain text textarea.

No stock/warehouse, no quantities, no backup system, no PDF import, no orders.

2. Attachments (very important)

You should see 4 image attachments:

The first 3 images are UI references that show roughly how I want the app to look:

light cream background

white rounded cards

green bottom navigation bar

green floating “+” button

simple forms and modals

The 4th image is a PNG logo for BARnode.
Use this PNG in the app header (for example on the Home page) and wherever a logo makes sense.

Please keep the layout and visual style very close to these references.

3. Tech stack and project setup

Use React + TypeScript with Vite (normal SPA, not Expo, not React Native).

Structure the project so it can run with:

npm install

npm run dev

npm run build

Use React Router for page navigation.

The app is mobile-first:

design for a typical phone width (e.g. 375–430px),

single column layout,

bottom navigation bar always visible.

Prepare environment variables for Supabase:

VITE_SUPABASE_URL

VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY

I will fill the real values; for now use placeholders and show in the README how to set them.

The final code must be easy to deploy as a static site on Render.

4. Data model (Supabase)

Please create a small Supabase client abstraction and the TypeScript types for these two tables:

articoli (catalog items)

id: string (uuid)

nome: string

created_at: string

missing_items (missing items list)

id: string (uuid)

articolo_id: string (uuid, references articoli.id)

articolo_nome: string

created_at: string

Logic rules:

Adding a missing item creates a row in missing_items.

Removing a missing item deletes that row.

When an article’s nome is changed in articoli, update articolo_nome in all related missing_items.

When an article is deleted from articoli, delete all related missing_items.

(You can implement this logic on the client side with extra queries; I will later mirror it in Supabase if needed.)

5. Navigation and routes

Create a bottom navigation bar with 3 tabs:

Home

Archivio (Italian for “Archive”)

Settings

Use React Router with these routes:

/ → Home (missing items list)

/archivio → Archivio (catalog)

/settings → Settings

/settings/import/text → Import from text

The bottom nav must highlight the active tab and navigate to the correct route.

6. UI style and layout

Follow the look and feel from the attached screenshots:

Background: light cream color.

Cards: white, big border radius, light shadow.

Bottom nav: dark green background, icons + labels in white/yellowish.

Floating action button (FAB): circular, dark green, white “+” icon, positioned bottom-right.

Fonts: simple sans-serif (system font is fine).

Components must be touch-friendly:

minimum tap area ~44x44 px for icons like trash and FAB.

7. Pages and behavior
7.1 Home — “Lista articoli mancanti” (/)

This is the main page.

UI:

At the top: BARnode logo (use the provided PNG) and maybe the app name.

Title text: “Lista articoli mancanti”.

A search field with placeholder “Cerca per nome”.

Below: a scrollable list of cards, one per missing item:

show articolo_nome.

on the right: a red trash icon to remove the item.

A floating “+” button at the bottom-right to add an item manually.

Behavior:

The search bar does not only filter the missing items:
it must search across all articles in articoli.

While typing, show a dropdown of suggestions directly under the search field:

each suggestion is an article from articoli whose name matches the search term.

If the user taps a suggestion:

add that article to missing_items (create row with articolo_id and articolo_nome).

If the user taps the “+” FAB:

open a modal:

input text: “Nome articolo”

buttons “Cancel” and “Confirm”

On confirm:

if an article with that name does not exist in articoli, create it,

then create the corresponding missing_items row.

Trash icon:

deletes the corresponding missing_items row from Supabase

removes the card from the UI.

Show loading states and simple error messages when calling Supabase.

7.2 Archivio — Catalog of articles (/archivio)

UI:

Header with a search input (“Cerca per nome”).

Below: scrollable list of all articles from articoli, sorted alphabetically by nome.

Each article card:

article name,

edit icon,

trash icon.

FAB “+” in bottom-right to add a new article.

Behavior:

Search filters the list in real time on the client side.

FAB “+”:

opens a modal with:

input “Nome articolo”

Cancel / Save.

Save → create new article row in articoli.

Edit icon:

opens modal with current name in the input.

On Save → update the article in articoli.

After updating:

find all missing_items rows with that articolo_id and update articolo_nome.

Trash icon:

confirm deletion (simple confirm dialog).

On confirm:

delete the article row from articoli,

delete all related rows from missing_items.

Keep UI responsive and close modals after successful operations.

7.3 Settings (/settings) and Import from text (/settings/import/text)

Settings page:

Very simple page with:

Title “Settings”

One main button: “Import items from text”

Clicking the button navigates to /settings/import/text.

Import from text page:

UI:

Title: “Import items from text”.

A large textarea with placeholder like:
“Paste the list of items here, one per line…”.

Button: “Analyze text”.

Below, a simple wizard view for confirming items (can be reused component).

Behavior:

When the user clicks “Analyze text”:

split the textarea content by line,

trim each line,

discard empty lines,

deduplicate names (case-insensitive),

exclude names that already exist in articoli.

If no new items remain, show a message like “No new items to import”.

Otherwise start a step-by-step wizard:

For each candidate name:

show it in a card,

allow:

Confirm

Skip

Edit name (input field)

Confirm → create articoli row with that name.

Skip → do nothing for that entry.

At the end, show a summary:

“X items created, Y skipped”.

No backup, no PDF import in this version.

8. Code organization

Please:

Use separate components for:

Bottom navigation bar,

Item list cards,

Modals (add/edit),

Import wizard steps.

Create a small hook or store for fetching and updating articoli and missing_items, wrapping all Supabase calls.

Keep files reasonably small and modular.

9. What I expect from you

Initialize the project with Vite + React + TypeScript.

Set up routing and basic pages.

Implement the Supabase client and the data model.

Build the UI following the screenshots and using the PNG logo.

Make sure npm run dev runs without errors.

Provide a short README that explains:

how to set the Supabase env variables,

how to run the app locally,

the expected Supabase schema.

If anything is unclear, ask clarification questions before making big architectural decisions.